# Meeting Notes 1/31/2021
We now have the project itself planned with a reasonable degree of granularity, so we must begin development now.

## Frontend / Backend Joint Review
The frontend group built a mockup a couple days ago and we need to review it as a combined group.
### Points to address
* Possible merge of home page and lobby browse page (Ian)
* Ensure we aren't forgetting any sort of table or structure in the backend necessary to make the frontend work
* Flesh out endpoints that the backend group can start to work on (more on this later)

## Git Review - Pull
Changes will need to be pulled to your repository occasionally. Try to do this every time you begin work on your code so you don't fall behind on the changes that others are making.

Either use the terminal and run the following command:
```
git pull
```
Or, more preferably, use the built-in interface in VS Code.
1. Switch to the version control window on the navbar on the left (looks like a tree branching)
2. Click on the 3 dots in the upper right corner of the sidebar. This will bring up a dropdown with a bunch of options
3. Click on the **Pull** button
    a. 

## Database for the Backend
Each person needs their own instance of a MySQL development database for development. We will set this up in today's meeting.

There are a couple ways to do this, and each one has its benefits and drawbacks.
* Free-tier Heroku container
* Local MySQL installation
* Centralized MySQL instance with multiple databases for each developer (*I like this one best*)

## The Development Plan
Now that we have a plan, we can actually start writing some code. If you need help starting the development servers, consult [these instructions](<../docs/Starting the Project.md>).
### Backend
Hopefully we can finish most of the backend entirely this week. Among 3 of us that means we will each likely be assigned to writing the endpoints for (loosely) 1 database object:
* Lobby
* Class
* Social features (comments, posts)

Additionally one backend developer will be assigned the **User Authentication** system.

### Frontend
We need to talk briefly about using a frontend UI library so we don't have to custom-build all our components.

The frontend is significantly more complex in terms of development structure than the backend, so ideally the time breakdown would be something like this:
* Week 1 (2/1): Each frontend developer builds one reusable component first and mocks-up one view/page.
    * Components
        * Lobby preview
        * Class preview
        * Lobby post
        * Lobby sub-post / class comment
    * Views
        * Class
        * Lobby
        * Authenticated Home
        * Sign in / Sign up (modal)
* Week 2 (2/8): Group coding to work with integration and connection
    * Frontend ↔ Frontend
        * Sign in and up / Home
        * Home / Lobby
        * Lobby / Class
    * Frontend ↔ Backend
        * Lobby / Lobby
        * Class / Class
        * Social features / Class / Lobby
        * User Authentication / Sign in and up
* Week 3 (2/15): Misc and staging
    * Connor will work on getting a staging build up and running
    * We will likely encounter a bunch of problems by this point, so this week is really just allocated to addressing those. As we encounter these problems this week's plan will become more defined.