# Meeting Notes 2/6/2021
Finishing up the views and starting with integration is the top priority for this week!

## Frontend-Frontend Integration
We did some of this yesterday between the Lobby view and the class preview component. All this looks like is building the code for inclusion of another frontend resource (view or component) in another. This could be something as simple as a link to as complex as a mapping operation over a data structure to instantiate components conditionally.

## Frontend-Backend Integration
This is a little bit more complex, and I would like to quickly go over the method with which we will be integrating these two systems.
* Information is interchanged via HTTP(S)
* Web standard called `fetch` or more traditionally `AJAX (XMLHttpRequest)` for client-side
* Standard express endpoint definitions for backend

There exist a couple of utility functions I made, the most important of which is contained inside `Config.js`. This file contains an exported object which contains a function called `endpoint`. This takes one parameter which is the backend route. **For all the frontend folks - all information regarding endpoints and their parameters and responses is located at [this google doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zMg6Oa5fZiS6xxUOb6NDL9Fcb83zdYf47SndXzATZG4/edit).**

Really all we need is to schedule 1-on-1 meetings between frontend and backend developers to figure out the intricacies of the system interactions. Beyond that though it is the role of the frontend developers to utilize the various endpoints defined in [this documentation page](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zMg6Oa5fZiS6xxUOb6NDL9Fcb83zdYf47SndXzATZG4/edit) to make the frontend function properly.

### Integration Meetings?
* Connor ⟺ Nick (Lobby)
* Igor ⟺ Sameer (Class)
* Ian ⟺ Nick ⟺ Connor (Home View)
* Aakash ⟺ Connor (Authentication)
