# Meeting Notes 2-11-2021

## Current Progress
We will get a sense for how much left we have to do today. The first part of the meeting will just be us talking about progression.
* Ian to finish authenticated home view by Sunday night
* 

## Integration Guide
I wrote up a fairly extensive guide on how to perform backend integration with our project. It's fairly verbose and having a read through it would be helpful, especially for frontend developers, for building a general "black-box" understanding of how the backend works. We will walk through it on a surface level in this meeting, but it is fairly information dense so I highly recommend referring back to it often if you have less experience with backend integration in single-page webapps or React.

[The guide is linked here](../docs/Backend%20Integration%20Guide.md)

As an example I will be doing an example integration for something. What that something is will be determined during this meeting.

### Integration Meetings
* Connor ⟺ Nick (Lobby)
* Igor ⟺ Sameer (Class)
* Ian ⟺ Nick ⟺ Connor (Home View)
* Aakash ⟺ Connor (Authentication)

## Next Steps
I'll fill this part in either during the meeting or after it, as I really don't know at the time of writing how much progress has been made. However I do anticipate the backend needing to play a moderately involved part in helping the frontend integrate with the backend.

Also Nick/Igor, are either of you interested in working with Nginx and getting a staging environment set up? *I should probably talk briefly about how deployment will work*

### Deployment Options
* Basic DigitalOcean VM with servers linked via NGINX
* Heroku container for backend / db, GitHub pages for frontend (difficult for auth)
